Okay, so you may need to just open the simulation through the terminal window temporarily. I think this is a bug in WPILib that I need to look into


To do this, just open the folder where the code is, use "Shift+right click" to open the prompt window and it should have the
option for "Open PowerShell Window Here"

From here, type in "./gradlew simulateJava" and it should launch.

Currently, the simulated code is using joystick 4 to control the robvot, which is linked to the keyboard's WASD keys.

You should be able to control it in TeleOP mode like this, but I think I can't do it remotely

The wheels spinning in place is probably just a simulation issue. It will be hard to fix it in simulation without a 
physical representation to verify that it matches, so just ignore it for now.

This should just help you make sure that the logic of the Swerve code works (Can mvoe backwards/forwards, left/right, straife, spin in place)
, so as long as that works, you should be fine.

I'm pretty sure that my coach had bought neo motors for the actual representation but that should be coming in like a week. So would we be able to work on that anytime soon?

I'm okay if the simulation doesnt work with neos.

Sure, once you have your swerve drivetrain built, you can test the code on that to see if it works. If it acts wildly, then I may be able to stop by and help you.

Are you guys going to run your swerve robot for Beach Blitz (your off-season event)? Or will you use the robot you've arleady built?

When is Beach Blitz?

The first weekend of November, I saw that your team was on the invite list

Oh ya, I'm pretty sure were doing that. I think we'll be using our robot thats already built.

Okay. Do you have anything else you want me to help you out with, or are you good for now?

For now I'm good, just for later I would like to know I how I can make swerve drive for neos if thats okay.


The code is already set up for Neo motors

For both neo and falcon?

So you can only choose one or the other. The RevLib and WPILib sim branches are set up to use Neos right now. You will still need to
tune the constants in order for it to work properly

Oh yes, I understand.

Thanks for the help, its great that it works!

No problem! See you soon, I got to back to my team's meeting right now

Alright, thanks for the help once again and I'll see you later.

Oh, if you are unconfortable with TeamViewer allowing access, you can set it to not launch on startup. Otherwise the ID and passwords are ramdomized on boot.

Oh okay, thats good.

Alright see you later. Thx

Bye!

